docs: Developer Guide: Tutorial modifications (#1454)
tendermint/starport: docs/guide/nameservice/03-types.md

> Use `starport scaffold map` command to scaffold the `whois` type and the code for creating, reading, updating, and deleting (CRUD) information about names. The first argument is the name of the type being created (`whois`), the rest is list of fields. By default, generic CRUD messages are scaffolded, but since you've already created messages specifically for this blockchain, skip messages with a `--no-message` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `starport scaffold map` command to scaffold the `whois` type and the code for creating, reading, updating, and deleting (CRUD) information about names. The first argument is the name of the type being created (`whois`) followed by a list of fields. By default, generic CRUD messages are scaffolded, but since you've already created messages specifically for this blockchain, skip message creation with a `--no-message` flag.
```
